I'm Beena Khurana and I'm director of the
MBA program at the California
Polytechnic State University in San Luis
Obispo. When people ask me why they
should consider getting an MBA at Cal
Poly, I generally respond by asking them
why they want to get an MBA in the first
place. I think if you're looking for a
degree that rewards personally, professionally, and of course financially,
then an MBA is for you. If you are
looking to be treated like the
individual who you are, then Cal Poly is
the place for you.
We're a collaborative, supportive, intimate (aka small) community. Our faculty
is this winsome combination of fierce
intellect with a passion for teaching.
So if you're ready to give it your all for
10 months, we want to be a part of that journey.